Added Caja, Coulr, Kuychi, Jollpi (#419)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Bella](https://flathub.org/en/apps/io.github.josephmawa.Bella) - Utility to pick a color from anywhere on your screen and save it in one of the common color formats `#gjs` `#javascript` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Colorway](https://flathub.org/en/apps/io.github.lainsce.Colorway) - Application to generate color pairings from selected color that follow certain color rules `#vala` `#gtk4`.
- [Contrast](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/design/contrast) - Tool to check whether the contrast between two colors meet the [WCAG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag) requirements `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Coulr](https://flathub.org/en/apps/com.github.huluti.Coulr) - Color box to convert RGB and hexadecimal color values, pick colors from the screen, and copy colors `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Coulr](https://flathub.org/en/apps/com.github.huluti.Coulr) - Color toolbox to convert RGB and hexadecimal color values, pick colors from the screen, and copy colors `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Icon Browser](https://flathub.org/en/apps/io.github.rsvzz.iconvwadw) - Application to browse GNOME desktop icons `#c++` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Icon Library](https://flathub.org/en/apps/org.gnome.design.IconLibrary) - System icon browser `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Icon Preview](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/design/app-icon-preview) - Application icon previewer for designing application icons `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [K’uychi](https://flathub.org/en/apps/one.naiara.Kuychi) - Color palette generator that automatically creates a consistent scale of lighter and darker shades, based on a selected color, using the OKLab color space `#gjs` `#typescript` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [K'uychi](https://flathub.org/en/apps/one.naiara.Kuychi) - Color palette generator that automatically creates a consistent scale of lighter and darker shades, based on a selected color, using the OKLab color space `#gjs` `#typescript` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
